Tutorial - AWS Bedrock how to compare prompts (#9270)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/compare-aws-bedrock-prompts.md

Reviewer: I was sort of thinking you were going to do A/B testing based on this title

Author: Yeah I was thinking about it, but I think people also want a way to compare without A/B testing

---
title: How to compare AWS Bedrock prompts
date: 2024-08-29
author:
  - lior-neu-ner
tags:

>   - product analytics

Author: ```suggestion
  - product analytics
  - AI engineering
```

---
title: How to compare AWS Bedrock prompts

> date: 2024-08-29

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2024-09-12
```

author:
  - lior-neu-ner
tags:
  - product analytics
  - AI engineering
---

> Evaluating LLM prompts is crucial for determining whether your modifications are genuinely enhancing your application. In this tutorial, we explore three methods to assess prompts by comparing their LLM outputs. Namely:

Reviewer: "modifications are genuinely enhancing your application." is a bit wordy
```suggestion
Evaluating LLM prompts is crucial for determining whether they are useful for users. In this tutorial, we explore three methods to assess prompts by comparing their LLM outputs. Namely:
```

Author: Lol I don't remember writing this at all. I think cursor included this and I hit tab without realizing  lol

1. [Quantitative metrics](#quantitative-metrics)
2. [User feedback](#user-feedback)
3. [Model-based evaluation](#model-based-evaluation)

To show you how, we set up a basic Next.js app, implement the AWS Bedrock API, and capture events using PostHog.

> While this tutorial focuses on [Next.js](/docs/libraries/next-js) and [Node](/docs/libraries/node), PostHog supports many different [SDKs](/docs/libraries) and [frameworks](/docs/frameworks). The concepts in this tutorial apply to all our supported SDKs and frameworks. 

## Download the sample app

We've created a sample app for this tutorial. You can download it from [Github](https://github.com/PostHog/aws-bedrock-compare-prompts-sample-app). 

```bash

> git clone git@github.com:PostHog/aws-bedrock-compare-prompts-sample-app.git

Reviewer: This errored for me
```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/PostHog/aws-bedrock-compare-prompts-sample-app
```

```

To set your app up, first ensure [Node](https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/how-to-install-nodejs/) is install. Then run `npm install` to install all dependencies. 

You must also ensure that you have properly configured your AWS credentials and region to use the AWS SDK for JavaScript. You can do this by calling `aws configure` using the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html).

Once done, update the `BedrockRuntimeClient` initializer in `src/app/api/generate-llm-output/route.js` to use your preferred AWS region:

```js file=src/app/api/generate-llm-output/route.js
import {
  BedrockRuntimeClient,
  InvokeModelCommand,
} from "@aws-sdk/client-bedrock-runtime";

const client = new BedrockRuntimeClient({ region: "<YOUR_AWS_REGION>" }); // e.g. us-west-2

// rest of the code
```

> You'll also notice that we're using Meta's Llama 3 8B Instruct model. Make sure you have access to this model, or [request access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-access.html) if you don't (you may need to change regions in AWS if it's not available. Alternatively, you can use a different Llama model). 

Reviewer: It's fine to have this outside brackets, especially because it is multiple sentences.
```suggestion
You'll also notice that we're using Meta's Llama 3 8B Instruct model. Make sure you have access to this model, or [request access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-access.html) if you don't. You may need to change regions in AWS if it's not available. Alternatively, you can use a different Llama model. 
```

> Note that while this tutorial uses the Llama model, the concepts in this tutorial apply to all of Bedrock's [supported models](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-ids.html#model-ids-arns).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** While this tutorial uses the Llama model, the concepts in this tutorial apply to all of Bedrock's [supported models](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/model-ids.html#model-ids-arns).
```

Lastly, the sample app already includes PostHog set up. You need to update the `<ph_project_api_key>` and `<ph_client_api_host>` placeholders with your PostHog API key and host (you can find these in [your project settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project)).

There are two places to update. First, in `src/app/api/generate-llm-output/route.js`, where PostHog is configured for server-side event capture:

```js file=src/app/api/generate-llm-output/route.js
// existing imports

export async function POST(request) {
  const posthog = new PostHog(
    '<ph_project_api_key>',
    {
      host: '<ph_client_api_host>',
    },
  );  
```

Second, in `src/app/providers.js`, where PostHog is configured for client-side event capture:

```js file=src/app/providers.js
// existing imports

if (typeof window !== 'undefined') {
  posthog.init('<ph_project_api_key>', {
    api_host: '<ph_client_api_host>',
  })
}
```

Run `npm run dev` and go to `http://localhost:3000` to everything in action.

![Sample LLM app](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/video/upload/v1724924215/posthog.com/contents/sample-app-aws.mp4)

## Compare prompts

> With our app set up, we can begin [capturing events](/docs/product-analytics/capture-events) with PostHog to compare prompts. We cover three different ways to evaluate LLM output, so that you can effictively compare prompts.

Reviewer: Removing repetitiveness
```suggestion
With our app set up, we can begin [capturing events](/docs/product-analytics/capture-events) with PostHog to evaluate and compare prompts. We cover three different ways to do this.
```

> ### Quantitative metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Quantitative metrics
```

> Quantitative metrics involve measuring specific, quantifiable properties of the LLM outputs. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quantitative metrics involve measuring specific, quantifiable properties of the LLM outputs like:
```

  classes="rounded"
/>

#### How to create insights

Now that we're capturing events, we can create [insights](/docs/product-analytics/insights) in PostHog to visualize our data. Most importantly, we breakdown our data by `promptId` to compare them.

Below is an example of how to create an insight to compare average API response time for each prompt:

1. Go to the [Product analytics tab](https://us.posthog.com/insights) in PostHog and click **+ New insight**.
1. Set the event to `bedrock_completion`
2. Click on **Total count** to show a dropdown. Click on **Property value (average)**.
3. Select the `response_time_in_ms` property.
4. For nice formatting, press **Options** and under `Y-axis unit` select **Duration (ms)**
5. Click **+ Add breakdown** and select `promptId`. 
6. **Save** your insight.

<ProductScreenshot
  imageLight="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1724925781/posthog.com/contents/Screenshot_2024-08-29_at_12.02.34_PM.png" 
  imageDark="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/v1724925781/posthog.com/contents/Screenshot_2024-08-29_at_12.02.49_PM.png" 
  alt="Response time by prompt in PostHog" 
  classes="rounded"
/>

### User feedback

> A good way to evaluate LLM outputs is to ask your users to rate them. In our sample app, we do this by asking if the response was helpful. Users can submit their response using the **Yes** and **No** buttons at the bottom of the page. 

Reviewer: This would be a nice use case for event-based surveys (maybe for future tutorials if you are planning them)

```js file=src/app/api/generate-llm-output/route.js
// your existing imports

export async function POST(request) {
  // your existing code...

    // Add this code after your original LLM request
    const judgeInput = {
      modelId,
      contentType: "application/json",
      accept: "application/json",
      body: JSON.stringify({
        prompt: `Does the following text contain any curse words? You MUST ONLY answer with "yes" or "no". \n\n${generation}`,
        max_gen_len: 512,
        temperature: 0,
        top_p: 0.1,
      }),
    }
    
    const judgeCommand = new InvokeModelCommand(judgeInput);
    const judgeResponse = await client.send(judgeCommand);
    const judgeRawRes = judgeResponse.body;
    const judgeJsonString = new TextDecoder().decode(judgeRawRes);
    const judgeParsedJSON = JSON.parse(judgeJsonString);
    const { generation: judgeGeneration } = judgeParsedJSON;

    posthog.capture({
      distinctId: email,
      event: 'bedrock_judge_response',
      properties: {
        promptId,
        model_id: modelId,
        generation: judgeGeneration,

>         is_toxic: judgeGeneration.includes('yes') ? 1 : 0

Reviewer: ![CleanShot 2024-09-11 at 11 48 26@2x](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a756f5ab-dadf-4cec-83fc-318abc3b0363)

Sort of beside the point, but this doesn't really work. Even capitalizing properly, might include the prompt which would cause false positives. Is there an easy way you can think of to fix this?

```suggestion
        is_toxic: judgeGeneration.includes('yes') ? 1 : 0
```

>         is_toxic: judgeGeneration.includes('yes') ? 1 : 0

Author: ```suggestion
        is_toxic: judgeGeneration.toLowerCase().includes('yes') ? 1 : 0
```
